https://codepen.io/samsonyi/pen/qBqrEWq?editors=1100  
    
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML are tags like <body>, <header>, <footer>, etc.  It describes what the tags do.
    Presentational HTML are tags like <div> and <span>.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Hyper-Text Mark-up Language is used for structuring and organizing text into readable formats.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute further specifies a tag's properties and follows the tag name
    within the opening tag. 
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tags are used for the main header and should only be used once per page (generally).
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Link requires a url.
    Image requires a source.
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    In the header, we put the meta-data as well as the relevant links and libraries.
    
    7. What is an id? 
    A specific identifier for an element tag.
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can add an id to any single element tag.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Can only be used once.

    10. What is a class? 
    An identifier which can be used across several element tags.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element can have a class added to it.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Use an onclick attribute with a location.href (or just href) address.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Just in case an image does not load, it describes it in text form as the placeholder.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    use # in CSS

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is a div that is semantically clear to anyone (and algorithms too) reading the code.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Cascading Style Sheet is used to style the HTML.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is a bunch of element tags being grouped whereas an id is specifically one individual element tag.  
    One scenario would be where you put a class on all section headers to style consistently but
    there might be a single header that you want to put special styling onto and that would be done with the
    use of an id.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Use the . notation before the class name.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Allows you to select a specific child of a parent tag (e.g. header > p 
    whereas we are selecting all p tags within a header tag).

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar link {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Allows you to define a special state to an element tag (e.g. the hover selector).

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase (lowercase or capitalize);

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-style: dotted, border-color: black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    // Comment

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm to remove an empty file folder, rm -rf to remove all contents of the folder done recursively.
    Must be very careful because it is gone forever! 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Keeps track of all changes, allows me to work on the code while teammates work on the same
    code without creating issues.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Everytime you want to save your code.  I would do it everytime I left my computer after
    having made changes I don't want to lose.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin first-last

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork a repo (in Github), 
    clone the repo (grab the link-address, then type in your terminal: git clone link-address), 
    change into the correct file (type: cd link-file-name)
    branch the repo (type: git checkout -b 'first-last'), 
    make changes (in VS Code), 
    save the changes (type: git add .)
    commit the changes (type: git commit -m "message"), 
    push it back up to the original remote repo (type: git push -u origin first-last)